I have enjoyed teaching the Fundamentals Of Cloud Computing.
We started with an overview of the cloud.
Next, we discussed servers in the cloud,
which led into a great discussion around storage and databases.
After that, I taught you about security and
several services you can use to protect your data and systems.
Next, we discuss networking and elasticity,
touching on auto scaling and load balancing.
Next, I taught you about messaging, cues, and containers,
and we wrapped up with services that help you manage your cloud environment.
While learning the fundamentals,
you explore the tools and services offered by
Amazon Web Services through hands-on exercises,
and deploying your first website.
You are now prepared to continue
your learning journey in the School of Cloud Computing at Udacity.
If you have any questions,
please feel free to reach out to me,
Keisha Williams, on LinkedIn.
See you next time.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6